running up line up much brought it hold
your lecture now for the photo options
black gold named after Cotto off my
twins like a rapper than the old shop
Fitz granddaddy oldest older stopped and
got the caddy I'll be gladly serving any
y'all cats want to ask deterministic us
the size of a confirming seemed like
none of y'all jokes burning man you are
beautiful yeah the random
that's what the was hella for
school reaching teach the blonde I'm
fine away from agency and be the most of
books loud and proud the game the brand
of remote the heating zones until a fire
come on the Empire horrible higher
double deth one step down don't the
suckers are scooping the poop from cuz I
can never let him know top for me I play
him out like a game of Monopoly let us
see the battle roar like an ass yeah the
brand of
Plus was happening in the pot
address this happen I'll shave
I think the main motivation for me with
bodybuilding is knowing that there's no
such thing as a the perfect body but I'm
gonna chase it as hard as I can myself
as a bodybuilder should be someone
constantly striving to be one percent
better every day I'm covering every
angle to be better than it okay what
kind of scientific formulas or whatever
did you come up with there's no
substitute for hard work
natgeo 2011 mr. Olympia there's a lot of
people out there wondering can he do it
again what does it mean to be mr.
olympia you have to go to bed every
night and see am I fulfilling the task
of being the best at what I do so he's
has had a lot of gifts he thinks that
hard works gonna be talent keep your
gifts I work hard if anything I like to
be the guy that smiles plays nicely you
know but I'm trying to take your head
off just like where the meatheads we're
the idiots we're able to do something
that ninety nine point eight percent of
the people in the earth candy which is
loose fat and gain muscle at the same
time people go our steroids and nobody
can do that like it's not easy to do
people don't respect it all i can do
that was Terrence they couldn't you
couldn't you couldn't do it i do my
physique that I bring to the lumpiness
sure it's not the product is through
most of our work as a project for 20
years of hard work each man's body will
represent years of focus and
concentration is there a limited growth
you know certainly there's a limit but I
don't know that we found it
if you believe ur one hundred percent
gain a wins and not mentally ready
how well you places the last show this
is the one everybody remembers when you
line up the best in the world it's so
easy to judge it'll be a great event if
you want something never happy for you
got to be willing to do something you
never done before that's where I live
I'm never gonna stop till I get down
I'll keep your hands where hat please
you're just getting over a cold we're
your sisters I can't find them Anna joy
I checked the entire house they're not
here dad there's this RV and they were
playing on it there was then we thought
there was someone inside I couldn't find
them and I 11 detective Loki the agility
detectives I'm gonna find your
daughter's heart an RV was parked at a
restaurant offering what do you got we
didn't find anything sinks clean that
boy has never been in trouble a day in
his life kept letting him go what the
police said they're letting him go today
why aren't you sitting someone had to go
arrest this guy well he has the IQ of a
ten-year-old there's no way he could
abduct two girls and then make them
disappear maybe he wasn't on his own
we're considering all possibilities I
don't think you are considering all
possibilities just let me do my job keep
knocking on doors not if I take a look
around well you tell his name he said he
took them did you say was with anybody
we found sucker
someone has to make and talk what
they're gonna die five days we gotta
help we're running out of time you don't
even know better to him laughter was
someone he knows where the sky is this
guy's a fake there's no winner no no no
no the girls are still out there
what's your name Adam sex addict oh yeah
I have been sober for five years I have
to remind myself where this disease
could take me I remember feeling like I
was gonna die if I didn't have sex I'm
Mike gratefully recovering this disease
is a it's like trying to quit
crack while the pipes attached to your
body what are you doing hey Emile you do
remember why you're in this program
right free bagels so what you making I
have a Phoebe hi baby I'm going on a
date someone we're talking male female
or hey baby you told me to get
out I'm losing it everything this
got-damn City makes me want to act out
you think I like Matt and television
blows are they taking a TV out of your
room what are you Amish yes and I was
hoping to escort you to a bar and
raising upon my return
I got fired yesterday I was filming off
my bosses skirt I'm out of control I
need help that was an inspiring yo I'm
gonna call you don't want a friggin
answer I'm having some really dark
thoughts the point is you to live like a
month come on you got five years good
time is our reservation of a half knots
I'm you time
I'll know I really should oh it's fine
we still have like 28 minutes do if it
keeps going well you gotta tell her
Dennis sobriety medallion I've been in
recovery for five years or why they
when I'm sad I won't have sex or if I'm
happy my big feet is anxiety whoa hey am
I making you anxious Oh is what are you
doing
how do you know you're not gonna bother
wagon it is the most important thing in
my life and I want this to be over
before it even gets started
I got any vigilance every day is day one
thanks for letting me share
you
Oh
ah
about little deja una come sua av
you
y
give your mom
omo angel you later while a cool night
so you're a masseuse I am what is it
that you do I'm a poet oh and i'm a
dreamer oh no really I oh you're really
a poet yeah oh this is Albert hey the
gun you know a friend Eva was just
telling me that there is not one guy at
this party that she's attractive it's ok
there's no one here I'm attracted to
either all right great some guy you met
at the party wants your number hi I
already get the day wrong no boy because
you're wearing your pajamas it's Sunday
I have to become oh good this is my
daughter wow she's done it where's mine
she's beautiful I don't know what my
life is gonna be nice for this whole
going away at college thing I guess we
should develop hobbies especially I
we've like basket yeah I do it in the
garage really No hi dad my daughter
there's a lot of friends you think they
have threesomes what why would you say
that I know apparently it's what they're
doing these days I'm afraid that windows
closed there was a window
so what about you to have a boyfriend
yeah what's he like he's funny and
comforting what a kiss and sexy to me
yeah my ex-husband and I have zero in
common and I was completely repulsed by
him sexually oh god now just a second
Albert hi remember that new client of
mine well it turns out she is Albert's
ex-wife stop seeing her please I don't
have anybody I can to you can
completely to me it was very
clumsy in bed here we go on so many
diets and then he would cheat and he has
no friends I have lost all perspective I
have been listening to this woman say
the worst things about the guy that I'm
starting to really like she's like a
human tripadvisor I hope it is not a
hotel if you could avoid staying at a
bad one wouldn't you oh my god
oh she's telling me you know how many
calories are in guacamole I'm gonna get
you a calorie book you're picking on him
no I'm not you are that was embarrassing
calorie book my office is seeking a
calorie book why do I feel like I
just spent the evening with my ex-wife
Oh
you